-------Hands-on Java Practice Projects--------
Problem Statement :

Music Library application keeps track of songs being played by various users in the system. 
In this segment, you will see the specifications of the Instructor-led project you will be developing. 
Also, the SME will be explaining the application design and how these specifications/ functionalities will be designed.
There are three major entities in the system:
-Songs
-Users
-Artists
Each of these entities will have 2 more attributes:
Instance level attribute "ID"
A static variable named "counter", which will be initialized with 0. 
In each object creation, the "ID" attribute will be set as the current value of this variable.
And after the object creation, this static variable needs to be incremented by 1. 

The system will have the provision of registering users with the following attributes:
First name,Last name,Contact,Email ID,Phone,Address,City,Locality,State,Pin Code 
Once the user completes registration, the system should also capture the time(Format: dd/MM/yyyy hh:mm:ss AM/PM), when the user has registered.

We can also add artists with the following attributes:
First name,Last name,List of Songs released
We will capture the following details for songs:
Title,Genre,Release year,Language,total Listens

The songs should also record which artist by artist ID.

There should be another class created with the name MusicLibrary, which will keep track of the list of all users, songs, and artists.
it will also store the user's history of playing songs. This will support the following operations:

 

-->Register a user
-->Register an artist

Release a song
Mark a user playing a song
Get top 10 songs for a specific user
Get top 10 songs overall
Get the list of songs of a specific artist

All the operations which take any user input should do proper validation for user, artist, and song identifiers. 
The system should always ensure that it doesn't stop because of the user giving wrong inputs. You can check the Github Repository for more information.
